1.
a) If the ls command was unavailable, you could use the command "dir" instead to view files
in the current directory. This can be used since the "dir" command is backwards compatible

b) To ensure that I am prompted before a file or directory is removed with the rm command,
I would use the interactive option command (-i). To ensure that I am not prompted before a
file or directory is removed, I would use the force option command (-f). The option that comes last would take
precedence over the other

c) rename: The rename command is used to rename multiple files using a specified Perl expression.
mv: The mv command is primarily used to move or rename files or directories. It is not designed
for complex renaming operations like rename. You can use mv to move a file from one location to
another or to change its name within the same directory.

d) ELF stands for "Executable and Linkable Format". It is a file format that is used for executable files

e) When the ls command with a -l option is run on an empty file, it will show a file size of 0 because this
command returns the true filesize that the disk stores, hence returning a file size of 0. The du command calculates
the total disk space being used by a file or directory. Even if the file size is 0, the du command still may return 1
since many systems allocate the minimum amount of storage to house every file on the disk, even if the file is empty.

2.
a) Using the -p option along with mkdir would be more efficient as it would create the parent directories in the
given order if they do not already exist. The line would look like: mkdir -p grandparent/parent/child

b) To create a directory with a space in its name you enclose the directory name with quotation marks. To remove a
directory with a space in its name you use the command rm with the option -r

c) To create a directory and set its permissions to dr-x------ using only the mkdir command, you can use the -m
option which allows the permission to be set in the same command. It would be: mkdir -m 500 (directory)

d) The cd - command would be used in this case, as the command will switch the working directory to the one previously
being used

e) To determine which folder is in the 6th position of the stack, you can use the dirs +5 command (+5 because it is a
zero based index). To change to that specific directory, the command cd $(dirs+5) can be used. This changes
the current directory to the 6th directory quickly.

3.
a) To print out what modifications are being made, the -v option can be added to chmod to display what changes are being
made while modifying file permissions

b) To change the ownership of file 2 to match file 1, the chown command with the reference option (-- reference) can
be used. This allows a reference of ownership to be copied to another file

c) To display file permission, user ownership, and group ownership only, you would use stat -c '%A %U %G' where %A, %U
and &G are file permissions, user ownership and group ownership respectively

d) Use the chmod command to do this. chmod g+w permits writing permissions for the group and g-s prevents moving
and renaming the file

e) When using chmod in symbolic mode and not including the u/g/o/a part, the command will affect the permissions of all
the file categories